# 201C-Advance
Some Basic Source Code
 its a small project On Expence management whose require is given in pdf file in the same repository

///////////////////////////Expence Mangement////////////////////////////////////
Problem Statement 
 
A company has decided to create an online Expense Manager that will keep track of purchases made through a credit card by a user. The user interface (called frontend) will be web based, but the backend has to be in C++ for high performance.  
 
You have been asked to design & implement the backend application only.   
 
Functional Specification: 1. Through the frontend, the users can register only one credit card each, with the following information: a. User name b. Credit card number [assume number of 4 digits for convenience] c. Credit limit The frontend will feed the registration information into the backend where the registration information is stored. 
 
2. Once the registration is done, all credit card transactions done by users will be automatically captured when the card is swiped. The swiping system is implemented elsewhere. The captured information will be: • Amount  • Date  • Category • Subcategory • Credit Card number If the credit card number does not exist in the backend, the transaction is not stored in the backend application. The card swiping system will feed the information of the transaction to the backend. You should implement the swiping system as a function/class that randomly swipes a card for testing. 
 
A sample transaction could be: Amount : 500 Date : 20/7/2010 Category  : Vehicle 
Subcategory : Fuel Credit Card : Card number   3. From the frontend, users will be able to view reports of their usage in different formats. The reports will be generated by the backend. 
 
Functional Requirements: Your backend application should support the following features: 1. Registration & unregistration of credit cards 2. Swiping system 3. Report generation of credit card usage by a user. Reports can be  • All transactions done between two dates  • All transactions that fall within a specified amount range • All transactions done in a category • Total amount spent on a category • Transactions sorted on amount  More reports may be added in the future  Expectations: • Create a few users & demonstrate the usage of the system by entering a few transactions for the users in the backend application (you can use hard coded values from main() instead of writing code to take values from the user).A transaction of a credit card that is not registered in the backend should be rejected with a suitable message • Display all the aforementioned reports • Add one transaction where a user overdraws his/her credit limit • Application should be extensible enough to allow addition of more reports, etc without much impact on the existing code 

Some Categories and Subcategories can be (you can add your own): 
 
Category           Sub Category 
Bills              Electricity 
                    Internet 
                    Phone 
Vehicle             Fuel 
                    Servicing 
                    Accessories 
Entertainment       Movies 
                    Dining 
Shopping            Clothes 
                    Food 
